I know, I know you just want to get coating started, but we're almost done, and I promise this is
an important thing to learn before we dive into the code so we understand exactly what the code is doing.
Now, back to that history lesson.
We're now at the native like part.
We know that native mobile apps are really performer really good, but you almost need two separate
teams to create an app.
Web was great because you only had to write it once and it worked on both phones.
However, it just didn't have that good performance.
Then we have native like tools.
We first had something called Samarian and Zimmerman was something out of Microsoft.
It's a way for us to write iOS mobile apps and Android apps using the dominant framework created by
Microsoft in the C sharp language.
And essentially what it does is compiles code to native.
So you write the code in C Sharp and then it converts that code composite to native code.
Now, there's a bit of extra things that they usually do to make this work.
But for now, let's just simplify things, essentially what they're doing is you get to write it in
some other language and then compile it to native and it works on both phones.
Sounds pretty nice, doesn't it?
And that was a pretty popular tool with the Microsoft world.
But then came react native and react native who really took off this idea of native like development.
You see, the difference between something like Riak native and Cordova is that Cordova runs inside
this web.
You write Riak native because it's native, like actually have direct access to this native side of
the phone.
So with REAC native, we can have native views.
So views that get actually compiled to, what, iOS intense, what Android intends so that they're really
performing.
So with Riak native, we can use just like Samarian JavaScript, which is a very popular language,
and the React Library to create this views that get compiled get converted to their individual iOS or
Android native views.
So Riak native apps have the same feel and performance as that of native application.
Now REAC native came out of Facebook because Facebook has a lot of mobile apps, so they've invested
a lot of money to have something that's able to write an app in both mobile operating systems using
just one team.
Now, Flutter is a more recent native like framework that we can use to do the exact same thing, like
we act native.
There are some subtle differences, but Flutter came out of Google for Google to try and keep up with
this trend.
Now, you're taking this course because you want to learn, react native, so I'm not trying to sell
you on react native or anything like that, obviously you're already interested, but I do want to talk
quickly about which one to choose because you'll get this question a lot.
For example, Bruno wants you to build an app.
How can you convince Bruno that Riak native is the way to go when you have so many options?
Bruno is going to ask you, why are you doing it in React Native?
Why aren't you using Córdova Ionic?
Why aren't you doing native using Swift and codling?
Why aren't you using flutter?
So because Bruno is going to ask us this question in the next video.
Let's tackle why we should use REAC Native when we have all these options.